Add custom server routing (#31)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/server/add-http-endpoint.md

---
id: overview
title: Add custom endpoints to your server
---

> The main entrypoints of a Front-Commerce application are frontend URLs displaying your actual website and the GraphQL schema. But in some specific cases, you may want to extend your Node.js server (BFF) with additional endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main entrypoints of a Front-Commerce application are frontend URLs displaying your actual website and the GraphQL schema. But in some specific cases, you may want to extend your Node.js server (<abbr title="Backend For Frontend">BFF</abbr>) with additional endpoints.
```

const ONE_HOUR = 60 * 60;

module.exports = () => {
  const router = new Router();

  // We make sure that the resources are only available for
  // our administration interface
  router.use(
    cors({
      origin: config.admin
    })
  );

  // And then, we render a static page that let's you
  // preview some wysiwyg content
  router.use(
    express.static(path.join(process.cwd(), "build/wysiwyg"), {
      setHeaders: function(res, url, stat) {
        res.setHeader("Cache-Control", `public, max-age=${ONE_HOUR}`);
      }
    })
  );

  return router;
};
```

## Add a global server middleware

We've added our middleware that is now available under the `/wysiwyg-preview` path. But what if we want to add a middleware that should be used before any requests to your application?

To do so, you will need to add the option `__dangerouslyOverrideBasePathChecks` to your endpoint configuration.

```js
module.exports = {
  endpoint: {
    __dangerouslyOverrideBasePathChecks: true,
    path: "/",
    router: require("./express")
  }
};
```

Indeed, if you don't set this key to `true`, Front-Commerce will check that you don't setup an invalid path.

> For instance, you don't want Front-Commerce to check this if your application is a migration from an older website. Indeed, in this case, you will want to dome some SEO by keeping your old URLs, at least by setting redirections for the ones that don't make sense in your new website. The middleware will let you add this redirection before rendering any page of your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if your application is a migration from an older website, you might want to create a global middleware and would use `__dangerouslyOverrideBasePathChecks`. For SEO reasons, you may want to keep supporting your old URLs and create redirections to relevant locations in your new website. The middleware will let you add this redirection before rendering any page of your website.
```

Author: That's not clearer IMO. I'll try to find a third alternative.

Reviewer: I agree :) Thanks.
